BEFORE, PEOPLE ARE CALLED YOU
THE REAL TONY STARK.
OKAY, YOU'VE GOT YOUR FINGER IN
SO MANY DIFFERENT ADVANCED
TECHNOLOGIES.
AS I SPADE SPACE-X, TESLA.
NOW YOU'VE GOT SOLAR CITY AND
SOLAR PACK THAT PEOPLE PUT IN
THEIR HOUSES.
( APPLAUSE )
ARE YOU SINCERELY TRYING TO SAVE
THE WORLD?
>> WELL, I'M TRYING TO DO GOOD
THINGS, YEAH.
I MEAN, SAVING THE WORLD IS
NOT-- I MEAN --
>> BUT YOU'RE TRYING TO DO GOOD
THINGS AND YOU'RE A BILLIONAIRE.
I MEAN.
>> YEAH.
>> Stephen: THAT SEEMS A
LITTLE BIT LIKE SUPER HERO OR
SUPER VILLAIN.
YOU HAVE TO CHOOSE ONE.
>> I'M TRYING TO DO USEFUL
THINGS.
( LAUGHTER )
I --
>> UH-HUH.
>> YEAH.
>> Stephen: SO LET'S TALK
ABOUT THE TESLA.
I HAVE A TESLA.
>> YEAH.
>> Stephen: OKAY, AND I LOVE
IT.
I LOVE IT.
( APPLAUSE )
YOU GOT A NEW THING THAT YOU
THINK IS-- PEOPLE ARE GOING TO
UPON FOR THEIR TESLA.
JIM, CAN WE SHOW FOOTAGE OF
THIS?
I THINK IT'S CALLED-- THIS THING
IS THE POWER ARM.
THAT IS AN EXTREMELY--
>> IT'S A SNAKE CHARGER.
>> Stephen: IT'S A SNAKE
CHARGER THAT AUTOMATICALLY PLUGS
INTO YOUR CAR WHEN YOU GET HOME.
>> THIS LOOKS A LITTLE WRONG.
( LAUGHTER ).
>> Stephen: THAT REALLY LOOKS
LIKE THE THING THAT JACKS INTO
THE BACK OF NEO'S HEAD IN "THE
MATRIX."
>> RIGHT.
>> Stephen: IS THAT THING
GOING TO ATTACK ME IN MY SLEEP?
>> FOR THE PROTOTYPE, AT LEAST,
I WOULD RECOMMEND NOT DROPPING
ANYTHING WHEN YOU'RE NEAR IT.
( LAUGHTER )
>> Stephen: OKAY, ALL RIGHT.
NOW ANOTHER THING THAT YOU ARE
TALKING ABOUT IS YOU SINCERELY
THINK THAT WE SHOULD GO TO MARS,
THAT MEN AND WOMEN SHOULD GO TO
MARS.
>> YEAH.
>> Stephen: WHY DO WE WANT TO
GO TO MARS?
IT'S UNINHABITABLE.
VE TOBE IN DOMES AND EVERYTHING.
>> INITIALLY.
>> Stephen: INITIALLY?
>> YES.
>> Stephen: REALLY?
HOW LONG BEFORE WE CAN TURN MARS
INTO SOMEPLACE WE CAN LIVE IT IS
A FIXER-UPPER OF A PLANET.
( LAUGHTER )
SO AT FIRST YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE
TO LIVE IN TRANSPARENT DOMES,
BUT EVENTUALLY --
>> YES, WE'RE GOING TO BE HUFG
EACH OTHER.
>> BUT EVENTUALLY YOU CAN
TRANSFORM MARS INTO AN
AIRCRAFT-LIKE PLANET.
>> Stephen: HOW WOULD YOU DO
THAT?
>> YOU WARM IT UP.
JUST WARM IT UP.
>> Stephen: WITH A BLANKET
OR-- HOW WOULD YOU WARM MARS UP?
IT'S A LONG WAY AWAY FROM THE
SUN.
>> THERE'S A FAST WAY AND A SLOW
WAY.
>> Stephen: OKAY, GIVE ME THE
FAST WAY.
>> THE FAST WAY IS DROP THE
NUCLEAR WEAPONS OVER POLES.
>> Stephen: YOU'RE A SUPER
VILLAIN!
THAT'S WHAT A SUPER VILLAIN
DOES.
>> YEAH.